hey guys what's up so I gave a little
sneak peek of this one the other day a a
couple days ago here she is all done up
this one's for my brother-in-law he's
been really interested of what I've been
doing in the show up and whatnot I
pretty much gave this to him a few
months ago so what I thought was going
to be a mild pimp job kind of turn into
a process these Chinese made knives
including spider coves tenacious
persistence and resilience and including
this one they come with like super soft
screws so they strip out very easy and
all these screws like almost all of them
were completely stripped and I know he
hadn't messed with it at all this thing
in kind of kind of even had rust all on
the flats and stuff so anyways I had to
drill them out and once I drilled the
head off you could take the the g10 off
and then I had to slop the post with a
dremel tool and screw the post out and
then find new screws which luckily
because I've already done a few
tenacious tanisha however you say that I
actually had some screws sent to me from
spyderco because they stripped so easily
and spyderco knows that they're going to
maybe change the screws they do send a
lot out so plus one on spider cause
warranty for that I told them I was
pimping the knives and they still sent
me the screws for free so anyways pretty
much drilling all these screws out
slaton the heads and pulling them off
all that was just almost as much as it
was to change these these are g10
overlays out but you know whatever and I
replaced them with spyderco tenacious
screws which fit the thread
fine I had to shorten up the screw a
little bit so it wouldn't come through
on the framework inside there um but
anyways you can tell they're using some
kind of really soft steel not only
because they strip out they would not
take an edge so I edge them they should
be as dark as the blade but they're not
so they're very very stainless hardware
which you know resist that etching but
what I what i'll do is i just find some
black screws or ordering for him he'll
carry this every day for years and years
he's been super pumped too soon so
hopefully i can see him tomorrow I think
he'd come up pretty good just in time
for Halloween here's some small details
that you might not be able to pick up I
did Stone wash and while hedge and stone
washed the liners kept the post factory
so it's kind of blasted satin in real
life here you can actually see all these
different colors and combinations here
so it goes you know g10 stone wash and
then the regular factory blasted look
then you know that and that around so
what I did and you're not going to be
able to see this on the thumb stud I
actually took the thumb stud off this is
not going to focus here and I did not
etch around the thumb stud so the thumb
stud around it is blasted Sony looked
down its last two blasts and blasted
blasted stop pin and this thumb start
his blasted but to blend in when he went
for profile view i an't the top part of
the thumb stud so I appear not probably
not going to be able to see a nap and
then I reach arpan it up for him a very
sharp
again this is this HCR 13 and mov well
that's how I tell if the knife is sharp
enough for me for daily use if I cannot
do this with just the knife weight alone
and it doesn't slide off your thumb you
can also take a Bic pen or any kind of
pen and see see if it doesn't slide when
it starts to slide down is when you know
it's not sharp enough or sharp enough
for my uses so there it is just in time
for Halloween my second son was actually
born on Halloween hand on his favorite
color is orange so he was like daddy are
you gonna make me into which knife when
I get old enough that's pretty cool
they're all super interested in knifes
they actually design their own nights
and we cut them on a cardboard and stuff
maybe we'll show you the I someday they
want me to make them had a real steel I
might do it just not grind to edge on it
form there it is I also tune the action
if you can't tell the blade was always
centered even right from factory oh you
know if you can't see this also put a
new clip on their forum and etched it
and stone washed it as well so here's
the action I'll shoot not a very good
display still not a very good display
this has a very strong detent and you
just have to push on it and once it
breaks that detail flies right out very
impressive knife for the money and if
you're not afraid of the steel which is
not the best in the world but it's
definitely not the worst
just to show you what a solid performer
this deal is on my review video I kind
of beat it up a little bit and it still
held a working edge just fine there's
another youtuber out there I'll go ahead
and give him a shout out I'm gonna have
to put the link in the description I
think it's jay davis and some numbers at
the end of it jay davis something or
another i'll put the link in the bottom
if i can remember if it's not there if
you're one of the first viewers of the
video and you don't see it just wait a
you know an hour zone maybe even
tomorrow I'm not sure it'll be up there
eventually he's doing all kind of rope
cut tests and stuff and he did 18 or
what does this 8c are 13 mov this
Chinese still here he did it twice
performed excellent on both
that's it guys thanks for hanging out
many more videos to come say yeah